Simple Calculator Using Tkinter

This project is a graphical calculator application built using Python's Tkinter library. It allows users to perform basic arithmetic operations such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. The calculator also supports decimal input and clearing the current input.

Features

Basic Arithmetic Operations: Add, subtract, multiply, and divide numbers.
Decimal Support: Perform calculations with decimal numbers.
Clear Functionality: Clear the current input field to start a new calculation.
Interactive GUI: A user-friendly interface created with Tkinter.
Requirements:
Python 3.x
Tkinter (comes pre-installed with Python on most systems)
How to Run the Program
Save the code to a Python file, e.g., calculator.py.
Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the folder where the file is saved.
Run the program with the following command:
bash
Copy code
python calculator.py
The calculator GUI will open. You can then interact with it to perform calculations.
Usage
Buttons:
Numbers (0-9): Input numeric values.
Operators (+, -, *, /): Perform arithmetic operations.
Decimal (.): Input decimal values.
Equal (=): Calculate the result of the entered expression.
Clear: Clear the current input to start a new calculation.
Example:
Enter 7.
Press +.
Enter 3.
Press =. The result 10 will be displayed in the input field.
File Structure
calculator.py: Contains the Python code for the calculator program.
Customization
You can customize the following features:

Colors:
Modify the bg (background color) and fg (foreground/text color) properties of buttons and the window to change the appearance.
Button Sizes:
Adjust the height and width properties of buttons for larger or smaller buttons.
Additional Functions:
Add advanced mathematical operations like square roots, power, or trigonometric functions.
Potential Enhancements
Add a memory function (M+, M-, MR, MC).
Include a scientific mode with more advanced operations.
Improve error handling for division by zero or invalid inputs.
License
This project is open-source and available for personal and educational use. Feel free to modify and expand it as needed.

output: 